gh-69011: `ctypes.create_*_buffer` clarify NUL termination character inclusion (#132858)
python/cpython: Doc/library/ctypes.rst

   pointer.

.. function:: create_string_buffer(init, size=None)
              create_string_buffer(size)

   This function creates a mutable character buffer. The returned object is a
   ctypes array of :class:`c_char`.

   If *size* is given (and not ``None``), it must be an :class:`int`.
   It specifies the size of the returned array.

   If the *init* argument is given, it must be :class:`bytes`. It is used
   to initialize the array items. Bytes not initialized this way are
   set to zero (NUL).

   If *size* is not given (or if it is ``None``), the buffer is made one byte

>    larger than *init*, effectively adding a NUL termination byte.

Reviewer: To make this a bit more generic (see the other comment):

```suggestion
   If *size* is not given (or if it is ``None``), the buffer is made one element
   larger than *init*, effectively adding a NUL terminator.
```

   a ctypes array of :class:`c_wchar`.

   If *size* is given (and not ``None``), it must be an :class:`int`.
   It specifies the size of the returned array.

   If the *init* argument is given, it must be a string. It is used
   to initialize the array items. Bytes not initialized this way are
   set to zero (NUL).

   If *size* is not given (or if it is ``None``), the buffer is made one byte
   larger than *init*, effectively adding a NUL termination byte.

   If both arguments are given, *size* must not be less than ``len(init)``.

   .. warning::

      If *size* is equal to ``len(init)``, a NUL terminator is
      not added. Do not treat such a buffer as a C string.

   For example::

      >>> bytes(create_unicode_buffer(2))
      b'\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00'
      >>> bytes(create_unicode_buffer('ab'))
      b'a\x00\x00\x00b\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00'
      >>> bytes(create_unicode_buffer('ab', 2))
      b'a\x00\x00\x00b\x00\x00\x00'
      >>> bytes(create_unicode_buffer('ab', 4))
      b'a\x00\x00\x00b\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00'
      >>> bytes(create_unicode_buffer('abcdef', 2))
      Traceback (most recent call last):
         ...

>       ValueError: string too long

Reviewer: Hmm... Would it work to say that the arguments are the same as `create_string_buffer`, except *init* must be a (string not `bytes`) and *size* counts wchars (not bytes)?
IMO it's good to avoid duplication in this case.

`wchar_t` size is platform-specific, so the results for the examples will be different depending on the platform. IMO it's best to just remove the examples, if the bytes docs are linked -- people should be able to adapt easily enough.

   If a bytes object is specified as first argument, the buffer is made one item
   larger than its length so that the last element in the array is a NUL
   termination character. An integer *size* can be passed which allows
   specifying the size of the array if the length of the bytes should not be used;

>    note that if *size* is too small, the buffer will not be null terminated.

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend starting a new sentence instead of a semicolon, but I don't have much of a preference.

>    Note that if *size* is too small the NUL termination character will be omitted.

Reviewer 2: - Words after semicolons shouldn't be capitalized.
- I think we should call it "not null terminated" (with [PyUnicode_AsUTF8](https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsUTF8) as precedent) rather than "omitted NUL termination character"

   If a string is specified as first argument, the buffer is made one item
   larger than the length of the string so that the last element in the array is a
   NUL termination character. An integer *size* can be passed which allows
   specifying the size of the array if the length of the bytes should not be used;

>    Note that if *size* is too small the NUL termination character will be omitted.

Reviewer 2: Ditto.
